---
title: "Grayscale: Wood Quay"
layout: post
permalink: /wood-quay
date: 2017-10-01 12:00:00
category: events
tags: Grayscale 'Wood Quay' 'R. Kitt' 'Damo Lynch' "Dillon O'Sullivan" 'Kev Freeney'
---

**Audio:** Damo Lynch, R. Kitt <br />
**Visuals:** Kevin Freeney, Dillon O'Sullivan

Wood Quay Venue, Dublin 2. October 27th.<br />
Tickets: [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.ie/e/grayscale-damo-lynch-kevin-freeney-rkitt-dillon-osullivan-tickets-38761141618)

Grayscale is a new series of events that aims to highlight audio-visual art in Ireland. The second event is part of Dublin Design Week and will take place on the 27th of October in the Wood Quay Venue, an imaginative and exciting development which houses the City Wall Space. This is a spectacular state-of-the-art performance space featuring a stretch of the original Hiberno Norse (Viking) City Wall dating from 1100AD.<br /><br />

**Performances on the night by:**

<strong>Damien Lynch</strong>

Hailing from the foothills of the Wicklow mountains the mysterious Damien Lynch [Diamond Dagger] will be performing his ESP institute releases of atmospheric and futuristic house journeys. Expect a hardware-heavy display of “melodically enhanced jams that brim with analogue warmth and daft production”.

<strong>r.kitt</strong>

r.kitt is a DJ and producer from Dublin. His productions are awash deep, richly complex melodies. Melody is the central figure of his musical expression but the tracks he makes still have clear nods to the classic sounds of early Chicago house productions. His music is about 2 things, emotion and dancing. On the dancefloor, feeling inspires movement and movement expresses and inspires feeling. He wants his productions to help you get lost in that beautiful circular experience. Recently, he released his debut EP on Pear Records, a new sub label off of All City Records with loads more records to come in the new year.<br /><br />

**Visual and lighting installations by:**

<strong>Kevin Freeney</strong>

Kevin's work focuses on the moving image. Kevin is a Creative Director at <a href="www.algorithm.ie">Algorithm</a> and a founding member of not-for-profit community, Grayscale. At the Wood Quay Venue, Kevin will be crating custom video content and projection mapping paty of the preserved Dublin City Wall from 1100AD.

<strong>Dillon O'Sullivan</strong>

Dillon is a motion designer, creative coder and visual artist taht has been part of Algorithm Studios for the last two years. Dylan will be using a custom java code and UI to control the lights for the duration of the show.
