---
title: "Grayscale Presents: The Waters Will Rise Slowly"
layout: post
permalink: /the-waters-will-rise-slowly
date: 2017-11-01 12:00:00
category: events
tags: Dreamcycles Lumigraph 'Lilian Duthop' Slipdraft 'Steve MacD' 'Tim Redfern' 'Breffni McGeough' 'Lewis Byrne' 'Kev Freeney' 'Richie Allendon' 'Whiplash' 'Gallery Weekend' 'Temple Bar Gallery & Studios'
---

**Saturday, November 25th, 2017, 10pm**

_The Waters Will Rise Slowly_ is presented by Grayscale as part of Dublin Gallery Weekend. Taking place over the four floors of Dublin's Temple Bar Galleries and Studios, the night will encompass smoke, light, and plant installations alongside music which links the intimate, the atmospheric, and the ecstatic.

**Sound //**
<br /> Dreamcycles
<br /> Lumigraph

**Light //**
<br /> Lilian Duthop
<br /> Slipdraft
<br /> Steve MacD
<br /> Tim Redfern

**Installation //**
<br /> Breffni Mcgeough
<br /> Lewis Byrne
<br /> Kev Freeney

**Audio //**
<br /> Richie Allendon<br /><br />

_The Waters Will Rise Slowly_ is a BYOB event.

Complimentary refreshments will be provided on the night by [Whiplash Brewing Company](http://www.whiplashbeer.com/).

Pay what you want on the door: contributions welcome.

—————

An estuarial lagoon is the place where fresh and salt waters meet and mix
<br /> It is a fragile meeting and mixing not having the constancy of the oceans or the rivers
<br /> it is a collaborative adventure its existence is always at risk...
<br /> Life in the rivers the lakes and the oceans where the properties of water are more constant is less stressful
<br /> But life in the lagoons is very special it has evolved high tolerance to the stresses that come about from sudden changes
in salt and fresh water and temperature and available food for the life web
<br /> Life is in the lagoons is tough and very rich it breeds quickly
<br /> Like all of us it must improvise its existence very creatively with the materials at hand but the
<br /> materials keep changing
<br /> Only the improvisation remains constant....
<br />
<span style="text-align: right;">— Helen Mayer Harrison &amp; Newton Harrison, _The Lagoon Cycle_</span>

—————

We think of the boundary where land becomes water becomes land again. The boundary where sound becomes light becomes air becomes rain, soil, roots, starts again. We think of places where all maps are temporary, and paths must be improvised. To wander in places like these is to ask, What is possible? Where are we, and where can we go from here?

Drawing on the work and ideas of environmental artists Helen Mayer Harrison and Newton Harrison, _The Waters Will Rise Slowly_ is an event without a centre. We encourage you to wander, to find your own path.</p>

—————

_and_
<br /> _the waters will rise slowly_
<br /> _at the boundary_
<br /> _at the edge_
<br /> _redrawing that boundary_
<br /> _continually_
<br /> _moment by moment_
<br /> _all over_
<br /> _altogether_
<br /> _all at once_

_it is a graceful redrawing_
<br /> _and redrawing_
<br /> _this response_
<br /> _to the millenia of the making of life_
